doc(kic) deprecate KongIngress for 2.8 (#4799)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/references/annotations.md

| [`konghq.com/protocols`](#konghqcomprotocols) | Set protocols to handle for each Ingress resource |
| [`konghq.com/preserve-host`](#konghqcompreserve-host) | Pass the `host` header as is to the upstream service |
| [`konghq.com/strip-path`](#konghqcomstrip-path) | Strip the path defined in Ingress resource and then forward the request to the upstream service |
| [`konghq.com/https-redirect-status-code`](#konghqcomhttps-redirect-status-code) | Set the HTTPS redirect status code to use when an HTTP request is received |
| [`konghq.com/regex-priority`](#konghqcomregex-priority) | Set the route's regex priority |
| [`konghq.com/methods`](#konghqcommethods) | Set methods matched by this Ingress |
| [`konghq.com/snis`](#konghqcomsnis) | Set SNI criteria for routes created from this Ingress |
| [`konghq.com/request-buffering`](#konghqcomrequest-buffering) | Set request buffering on routes created from this Ingress |
| [`konghq.com/response-buffering`](#konghqcomresponse-buffering) | Set response buffering on routes created from this Ingress |
| [`konghq.com/host-aliases`](#konghqcomhostaliases) | Additional hosts for routes created from this Ingress's rules |

> {% if_version lt:2.8.x %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version lte:2.7.x %}
```

> | [`konghq.com/override`](#konghqcomoverride) | Control other routing attributes via `KongIngress` resource |

Author: ```suggestion
| [`konghq.com/override`](#konghqcomoverride) | Control other routing attributes via KongIngress resource |
```

{% endif_version %}
{% if_version gte:2.8.x %}

> | [`konghq.com/override`](#konghqcomoverride) | (Deprecated, replace with per-setting annotations) Control other routing attributes with a KongIngress resource |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`konghq.com/override`](#konghqcomoverride) | (Deprecated, replace with per-setting annotations) Control other routing attributes with a `KongIngress` resource |
```

Author: The original (which I'd previously left as-is) was wrong here. Upstream docs do not (typically) codestyle resource names, only their internal fields (e.g. https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/ uses regular formatting for Ingress/Service/IngressClass but code for `ingressClassName`, a field within an Ingress).

Upstream is unfortunately inconsistent here and _does_ sometimes use codestyle for these, but overall not doing so appears more common:

```
12:17:43-0800 esenin $ grep -r "Service" content/en/docs | wc -l  
1622
12:17:45-0800 esenin $ grep -r "\`Service\`" content/en/docs | wc -l  
15
12:17:50-0800 esenin $ grep -r "Ingress" content/en/docs | wc -l    
370
12:18:00-0800 esenin $ grep -r "\`Ingress\`" content/en/docs | wc -l 
5
12:18:06-0800 esenin $ grep -r "Pod" content/en/docs | wc -l    
5563
12:18:14-0800 esenin $ grep -r "\`Pod\`" content/en/docs | wc -l 
28
```

| [`konghq.com/path`](#konghqcompath) | HTTP Path that is always prepended to each request that is forwarded to a Kubernetes service |
| [`konghq.com/client-cert`](#konghqcomclient-cert) | Client certificate and key pair Kong should use to authenticate itself to a specific Kubernetes service |
| [`konghq.com/host-header`](#konghqcomhost-header) | Set the value sent in the `Host` header when proxying requests upstream |
| [`ingress.kubernetes.io/service-upstream`](#ingresskubernetesioservice-upstream) | Offload load-balancing to kube-proxy or sidecar |

> {% if_version lt:2.8.x %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version lte:2.7.x %}
```

| [`konghq.com/override`](#konghqcomoverride) | Fine grained routing and load-balancing |
{% endif_version %}
{% if_version gte:2.8.x %}

> | [`konghq.com/override`](#konghqcomoverride) | (Deprecated for non-upstream fields, replace with per-setting annotations) Control load balancing behavior with a KongIngress resource |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`konghq.com/override`](#konghqcomoverride) | (Deprecated for non-upstream fields, replace with per-setting annotations) Control load balancing behavior with a `KongIngress` resource |
```

| [`konghq.com/connect-timeout`](#konghqcomconnecttimeout) | Set the timeout for completing a TCP connection |
| [`konghq.com/read-timeout`](#konghqcomreadtimeout) | Set the timeout for receiving an HTTP response after sending a request |
| [`konghq.com/write-timeout`](#konghqcomwritetimeout) | Set the timeout for writing data |

> | [`konghq.com/retries`](#konghqcomretries) | |

Reviewer: Looks like this one is missing a description.

> Available since controller 0.8

{% if_version gte:2.8.x -%}
{:.note}
> As of version 2.8, KongIngress sections other than `upstream` are
> [deprecated](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3018).
> All settings in the `proxy` and `route` sections are now available with
> dedicated annotations, and these annotations will become the only means of
> configuring those settings in a future release. For example, if you had set
> `proxy.connect_timeout: 30000` in a KongIngress and applied an

> > `konghq.com/override` annotation for that KongIngress to a Service, you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `konghq.com/override` annotation for that KongIngress to a service, you will
```

> need to instead apply a `konghq.com/connect-timeout: 30000` annotation to the

> > Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> service.
```

> 

> > Plans are to replace the `upstream` section of KongIngress with [a new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `upstream` section of KongIngress will be replaced with [a new
```

> resource](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3174),

> > but this is still in development and `upstream` is not yet officially
> > deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> but this is still in development and `upstream` is not officially
> deprecated yet.
```

> Available since controller 0.8

{% if_version gte:2.8.x -%}
{:.note}
> As of version 2.8, KongIngress sections other than `upstream` are

> > [deprecatedi](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3018).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [deprecated](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/3018).
```

  ingress.kubernetes.io/service-upstream: "true"
```

{% if_version gte:2.8.x %}
### konghq.com/path-handling

> Available since controller 2.8

Sets the [path handling algorithm](/gateway/latest/admin-api/#path-handling-algorithms),
which controls how {{site.base_gateway}} combines the service and route `path`

> fields (the Service's [path annotation](#konghqcompath) value and Ingress
> rule's `path` field) are combined into the path sent upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fields. The service's [path annotation](#konghqcompath) value and Ingress
rule's `path` field are combined into the path sent upstream.
```

### konghq.com/headers.*

> Available since controller 2.8

Sets header values that are required for requests to match rules in an Ingress.

Unlike most annotations, `konghq.com/headers.*` includes part of the

> configuration in the annotation name: the string after the `.` in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration in the annotation name. The string after the `.` in the
```
